Week 1:
This week, we worked on setting up the git repository remotely on each of our local workspaces. We also worked on creating the project structure and creating all the files needed for the project. We made a Makefile, “main” class, “BFS” class, and “other” class for necessary functions that didn’t belong in the main or BFS classes. We also committed a sample test and README file. We worked on importing the Airport data into our project and created a dataset parsing function. As a testpoint, we checked main’s functionality, compilation, and importation of the data, and the results were successful. We also checked to make sure that each line of the Airport data was being stored into its own vector. We then declared variables and worked on functions for the store needed attributes latitude, longitude, and airport code. We checked to make sure that the dataset is being read and processed properly, by checking to see that we were able to print any line of data or any specific data we wanted based on latitude, longitude, and airport code.

Week 2:
This week, we worked on the main component of the project which is to find the shortest paths between two particular airports, taking into consideration "layovers" due to there not being direct paths from one airport to another at all times. The shortest path algorithm that we used was Dijkstra. We originally wrote our Dijkstra's Algorithm to return the shortest distances to each other Vertex in our graph, but later modified it to return the path that traverses the shortest distance (the itinerary). We also wrote functionality to print the itinerary on terminal so that the output is easily readable for our users. The 2nd algorithm we implemented was Landmark Path. We realized that if we want to find a path between Vertex A and B that goes through Vertex C, then that would be the path from A->C + the path from C->B. If we concatenate these paths, we should get the shortest Landmark path. We ended up implementing Landmark Path using our existing Dijkstra's Algorithm. 

In addition to the classes that we had previously, we added a "graph" class (with the help of Lab_ML) to store our graphs that we create with the edges(distance as the weight) and vertexes (airport codes). We will now be working on getting the BFS traversal to work and making our test suite work in order to test our program as well as work on the presentation and report aspect of this Final Project.
